#What is it?
**Chrome Desktop Notification Manager**
A chrome extensions which allows you to view Chrome desktop notification history and take control of them by setting a maximum duration, temporarily muting them, and disabling sound.

#Why was it created?
Chrome doesn't allow the user to control desktop notifications outside of allowing and denying them on a per-site basis. Finer controls of desktop notifications are largely unheard of. In an attempt to solve the problem of never-expiring desktop notifications generated by Chrome that tended to be annoying, this extension was created.

#Does it work?
Nope. This project was my first foray into Chrome extensions, and it turns out what I was trying to do here is mostly impossible. The code you see here does not correctly control notifications. This repository is a graveyard of a project which was started and dumped in the timespan of a few hours.

#What is the solution this extension employs?
It rewrites the `Notification` object slightly in order to intercept its creation. By intercepting its creation, we can rewrite the options (to allow the user to disable sound), we can track all created notifications (to allow the user to view notification history), and we can close them X seconds after they're created (curing the annoyance that this extension was initially created to handle).

#What's left to do?
History is tracked in an array, but it's not renderable yet. There is also no icon. On top of that, we're currently overwriting `Notification` in the wrong context. We're overwriting it in the Chrome extension's context, while we want to overwrite it in the tab's context. You'll want to leverage Chrome's `chrome.tabs.executeScript` method in order to inject the Notification overwriting javascript into the current tab. You'll also want to ensure configurations are passed from the Chrome extension to the injected javascript appropriately.

#So why not finish it?
It may be possible to control the notifications created by websites via the `Notifications` API, but that would still give you zero control over any notification created by any of your other Chrome extensions. Personally, I cared much more about that - I wanted to control notifications created by other Chrome extensions. Unfortunately, they use the `chrome.notifications.create` API, and more importantly, they are in a completely different scope than my extension or the current tab. There does not appear to be a way to hijack the way other extensions create notifications. Therefore, this effort's all for naught. Fun learning experience though.